### **Timeline of Events**
- **Tuesday, March 31, 5016U**: Operation Thunderbolt Begins

    Operation Thunderbolt commences, with Union Marines infiltrating Tartarus. They remotely free the 17th Paladins and begin their mission to rescue Captain Farris & Ambassador Bannerjee. Operation Thunderbolt Phase Two begins as they aim to rendezvous with the pilots at Transport Bay Alpha.

- **Wednesday, March 25, 5016U**: Covert Preparations

    Union sneaks several empty mech chassis on board the transportation shipment while planning Operation Thunderbolt. The LSA Verdanth Peak stealth submarine is readied to transport elite Union Navy Marines to Tartarus.

- **Thursday, March 18, 5016U**: Infiltration Success

    Union 1st Lieutenant Kim hires Runners from a Vestan Sovereign city to infiltrate Zashita Logistics. The mission is successful, obtaining information about Tartarus' location and details on the most recent planned shipment.

- **Wednesday, March 10, 5016U**: The Furies Strike

    The 17th Paladins intercept a Vestan Sovereignty force carrying Captain Farris & Ambassador Bannerjee as prisoners. VS reinforcements arrive with a special forces unit, "The Furies," who overpower the 17th Paladins and force their surrender. The entire group, including the Captain and Ambassador, are captured and sent to Tartarus, a secretive prison.

- **Wednesday, March 4, 5016U 1000**: New Orders

    LSA forces secure Hall of Consuls and find no sign of diplomatic envoys. NHP Rio identifies Captain Farris's ontologic implants heading toward a port facility. 1st Lt. Kim sends a dropship to rendevous with 17th Paladins and get them inbound to that signal.

- **Wednesday, March 4, 5016U 0900**: Bright Skies

    Rain has stopped. 17th Paladins tasked with disabling electronic jamming. They successfully did so and will now proceed to rejoin the main fighting force. 

- **Tuesday, March 3, 5016U**: Vestan Sovereignty Invades

    All contact with Cressidium was lost while Ambassador Bannerjee and Captain Farris were in diplomatic negotiations. Satellite imagery showed VS forces invading Nov Elysia, capital of the LSA. Rescue operations were initiated. Significant anti-air resistance was encountered, and Union Navy forces experienced significant casualties. The 17th Paladins crash-landed, proceeded to FOB Saber on foot, and cleared a corridor for the safe landing of reinforcements.

- **5016U**: Operation Solstice Rain

    Ongoing diplomatic negotiations between Cressidium's major nations, the Leandric States Alliance (LSA) and the Vestan Sovereignty (VS), as they seek to join the Union once more. The UNS-CV Rio Grande, with recent academy graduates, is stationed for escort duties during the negotiations.
